CONSOLE-5361: Add toast overflow and notification drawer integration (#16636)
openshift/console: frontend/packages/console-dynamic-plugin-sdk/CHANGELOG-core.md

## 4.23.0-prerelease.3 - TBD

- Add `@openshift/api-types` as a dependency and replace `K8sResourceCommon` and related types with imports from that package ([CONSOLE-5355], [#16585])

> - Add optional `drawerGroup`, `skipOverflow`, and `persistInDrawer` fields to `ToastOptions` ([CONSOLE-5361], [#16636])

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Improve control over toast notifications with new optional `ToastOptions` fields: `drawerGroup`, `skipOverflow` and `persistInDrawer` ([CONSOLE-5361], [#16636])
```
